# Data Protection in {{ dlc_long }}

The {{ aws }} [shared responsibility model](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/) applies to data protection in {{ dlc_long }}. As described in this model, {{ aws }} is responsible for protecting the global infrastructure that runs all of the {{ aws }} Cloud. You are responsible for maintaining control over your content that is hosted on this infrastructure. You are also responsible for the security configuration and management tasks for the {{ aws }} services that you use. For more information about data privacy, see the [Data Privacy FAQ](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/). For information about data protection in Europe, see the [{{ aws }} Shared Responsibility Model and GDPR](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/the-aws-shared-responsibility-model-and-gdpr/) blog post on the *{{ aws }} Security Blog*.

For data protection purposes, we recommend that you protect {{ aws }} account credentials and set up individual users with {{ aws }} IAM Identity Center or {{ aws }} Identity and Access Management (IAM). That way, each user is given only the permissions necessary to fulfill their job duties. We also recommend that you secure your data in the following ways:

- Use multi-factor authentication (MFA) with each account.
- Use SSL/TLS to communicate with {{ aws }} resources. We require TLS 1.2 and recommend TLS 1.3.
- Set up API and user activity logging with {{ aws }} CloudTrail. For information about using CloudTrail trails to capture {{ aws }} activities, see [Working with CloudTrail trails](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/cloudtrail-trails.html) in the *{{ aws }} CloudTrail User Guide*.
- Use {{ aws }} encryption solutions, along with all default security controls within {{ aws }} services.
- Use advanced managed security services such as Amazon Macie, which assists in discovering and securing sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3.
- If you require FIPS 140-3 validated cryptographic modules when accessing {{ aws }} through a command line interface or an API, use a FIPS endpoint. For more information about the available FIPS endpoints, see [Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140-3](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/).

We strongly recommend that you never put confidential or sensitive information, such as your customers' email addresses, into tags or free-form text fields such as a **Name** field. This includes when you work with {{ dlc }} or other {{ aws }} services using the console, API, {{ aws }} CLI, or {{ aws }} SDKs. Any data that you enter into tags or free-form text fields used for names may be used for billing or diagnostic logs. If you provide a URL to an external server, we strongly recommend that you do not include credentials information in the URL to validate your request to that server.
